#summary Parts list and assembly instructions

= Introduction =

This shield should fit any of the Arduino boards or clones. It has been tested with the "Duemilanove", which is a handy choice since it has a built-in USB connector for data logging.  You can find the Arduino and its clones many places, including [http://www.moderndevice.com Modern Devices] and [http://www.sparkfun.com Sparkfun].  Typical cost is around $30.

= Details =

  * 4-channel ADC chip: MCP3424 I2C
  * ambient temperature sensor MCP9800
  * 2 DC voltage outputs with hardware PWM for driving SSR

*Parts list:*

  * *Arduino or clone $30 + shipping*
  * *PCB from Jim. $6 + shipping*

Note: If Mouser or Digikey are out of stock, you might try this search engine: [http://octopart.com/parts/search?q=MCP3424-E/SL OctoPart]

|| *Qty* || *Item* || *Mouser* || *Digikey*|| *Price (each)* || *Notes* ||
|| 1 || MCP3424 (SMD) || 579-MCP3424-E/SL ||  MCP3424-E/SL-ND ||   $4.26 || note 7 ||
||1 || MCP9800 (SMD) ||579-MCP9800A0T-M/OT || MCP9800A0T-MOTGCT-ND ||  $1.26  || ||
|| 6 || Phoenix MPT2 screw term. || 651-1725656 || 277-1273-ND || $1.11 ||  ||
|| 2 || 8-pin male header || 538-22-28-4085 || WM6408-ND || $0.54 || note 1,2,8 ||
|| 2 || 6-pin male header || 538-22-28-4065 || WM6406-ND || $0.46 || note 1,2,8 ||
|| 2 || 2N3904 NPN transistor || 610-2N3904 || 2N3904FS-ND || $0.10 || note 3,4 ||
|| 2 || 4.7K ohm resistor, 1/8W || 270-4.7K-RC || RNF1/8T14.75KFRCT-ND || $0.15 || note 4,6 ||
|| 2 || 5.6K ohm resistor, 1/8W || 270-5.6K-RC || RNF1/8T15.36KFRCT-ND || $0.15 || note 4,6 ||
|| 1 || 1N4148 diode || 512-1N4148 || 1N4148TACT-ND || $0.03 || note 4 ||
|| 1 || 10 uF electrolytic capacitor || 647-UVR1C100MDD1TD || 493-1372-ND|| $0.03 || note 4 ||
|| 2 || 0.1 uF ceramic capacitor || 594-K104Z15Y5VF5TL2 || BC1160CT-ND || $0.03 || note 4 ||
|| 1 || Breakaway header || 538-22-28-4085 || WM6408-ND || $0.59 || note 5 ||

*Notes*
  # Use 'stackable' headers, for example Sparkfun PRT-09280 and PRT-09279 if you want to stack another shield on top of this one
  # Or you could buy a 28-pin Mouser 538-22-28-4285 and cut apart to make your own 6-pin and 8-pin headers.
  # Almost any NPN transistor will work here (2N2222, BC547 for instance)
  # Probably available locally at Radio Shack, etc.
  # Break apart to make all of the two-pin headers
  # Resistor values are not critical, but check sizes.  Hole spacing on PCB is only 7mm.
  # MCP3424 currently on backorder at Mouser. Try [http://octopart.com/parts/search?q=MCP3424-E/SL OctoPart]
  # Male headers mounted to point downward, below board, to engage Arduino female sockets.

---------------------
                                                                  