Quick Start Guide for software setup and first test of tc4-shield

See also Randy's setup guide available from the Downloads section.

= Introduction =

  # download software
  # 'burn' the program into the Arduino board
  # run the PC real-time graphical display and logging program



= Details for Windows =

  # download and install "Processing.Org" software
      * follow the instructions here: [http://processing.org/download/]
      * you most likely should choose 'Windows' rather than 'without Java'
  # download and install "Arduino IDE" software
      * follow the instructions here: [http://www.arduino.cc/en/Main/Software]
      * try the 'Blink' example (do not attach your tc4-shield yet)
      * make sure you can get the 'Blink' example working before you proceed
  # download the Bourbon-xxxx zip file
  # In My Documents, there is a folder named Arduino. This is what they call your sketchbook. In the My Documents/Arduino folder are individual folders containing sketches. The name of the folder must be the same as the name of the sketch file (*.pde) it contains. For instance, the My Documents/Arduino/aBourbon folder should contain aBourbon.pde.
  # Also inside the My Documents/Arduino folder is a libraries folder. The IDE is set up to look here (My Documents/Arduino/libraries) for contributed libraries. Each library (TypeK, Riser, etc) gets its own folder under libraries. The *.cpp and *.h files reside inside the folder (TypeK.h is in the TypeK folder, e.g.).
  # Repeat the steps above, but this time for Processing instead of Arduino. Same folder structure. (None of our stuff so far, however, uses any contributed Processing libraries).
  # Sketch naming convention: the distribution name (Bourbon, e.g.) preceded by a lower case a or p, depending on whether it is an Arduino sketch (to be flashed to the chip) or a Processing sketch (to run on the host PC).
  # the zip file for the Bourbon release should already match the above. I think you can just unzip the file under My Documents and everything will find its way to the right place?